[Music]
you
okay everyone say hi hold on it has to
focus this camera it's really sucky I
think so long ever since I crashed we're
having some diner food friends from
Dallas are here Chelsea
Sasha Kevin Shea delicious diner
I'm not being a true New Yorker
and three
get some Blue Bottle coffee
if not whether I choose for today come
to Blue Bottle and if you're into iced
coffee get the New York lence
it's delish sorry you're getting ready
ting yeah are you getting it hot
chocolate hot chocolate I don't drink
coffee
oh she's like you yeah
the seasons have changed I should
probably not be getting iced coffee you
had a blue bottle just the iced coffee
stupid
it's an iced coffee it's cold brew this
is the only cold brew I'll drink trying
to talk myself out of it but I really
want this Apple watch I really want the
white ceramic
situation has escalated I am now trying
on a ceramic
like magic show too
Oh where are you
it looks good please don't
ever since the white
I feel like you already made your
decision it's done you just gotta gonna
buy I guess I'm gonna do it
toward another fans
guys I just bought that 3-series yeah I
literally just bought a ceramic it's all
y'all's fault so there's not water yeah
yeah
Kevin and Shay just bought an ipad how
do you feel which one did you land on
none I've had my girl
nice did you get a pencil swag
I didn't know it was going to be buying
an Apple watch
but I got the watch that I would I'm
excited Kevin and Shay are staying in
the dopest Chelsea apartment it's a
studio but look at these vibes it's kind
of hard to tell because it's dark but I
promise this is the coolest apartment I
mean right right here
oh thanks Chelsea for for the light
I need green in my apartment we're gonna
go get them ready go yes someone in
yesterday's vlog said Sarah you are
really great at pointing at things why
you was it was such a genuine comment is
like Sarah you are really great I'm
pointing at things here blocks in
friend's apartment I want to go out here
Chelsea why are you being sassy oh she's
so wonderful of you I need a step stool
or some oh come on no how does one okay
hold on
because I love Chris scoot into a tribe
like the sketches I did I did it I'm
backing up the building was built in
1919 I made it into the escape way this
like okay to stand on these are some
good New York fire escape views
we just found ping-pong paddles and
where they called badminton burn let's
do it let's do it oh my gosh oh this is
only what she does I think I'll make
this better is it this girl watches your
channel oh my gosh but not be awkward I
mean we did nevermind
we weren't throwing things in your
apartment exciting is this I didn't know
I was gonna buy an Apple watch today I
never been a fan of how the different
styles of the Apple watches and how I
look oh but I love like everything
whites and so once they came out with
his white watch I was like oh snap I've
been debating okay Apple watch vs. drone
the past couple months and once the map
it came out I was like I should probably
get the nav acquit was always like I
should probably because I make youtube
videos have to have a drone and now I
don't know everyone has a drone and so
something that was so special I feel
like has kind of gotten um I don't know
watered down a little bit
I'm not docking drums I'm gonna get a
drone eventually it's just not a
necessity but every time I hop on my
booster board I hope I'm a bike I just
live my life there's a lot of things
that I want right here on my wrists I
don't have to whip out my phone for like
for maps or just stuff and so this is a
really exciting purchase I've been
saving up money for a while just to save
because I don't shop a lot um and so
this is exciting for me I'm so excited
right now
[Music]
look oh it's so pretty I'm pretty Apple
watch tin it's gonna look great on my
desk cool
sorry I don't have some fancy unboxing
setup here it is mmm oh my gosh this is
mine the best part
oh this looks so good so this is the
smaller version the 38 millimeter I
think and the ceramic white gasps this
is fresh all right I'm going to set this
up why did you think should everyone go
and watch the latest episode of creative
spaces TV what did you go to window oh
gosh can't spaces TV are you wearing
pants yeah
to make sure I can put this on the
Internet
okay guys I've been talking about this
creative spaces TV episode for the past
like three weeks and it's finally up so
go watch the latest episode of crazy
face TV I am Telling You I suffered the
most intense creative block when editing
this freaking creative spaces episode
but I think I think it's very good I
highlighted a very cool rustic art shop
slash workshop a type deal from Dallas
Texas my hometown so make sure to go
watch it today was lit it's Sunday now
we just finished up watching the
presidential debate which was riveting I
will see you guys Wednesday for the last
episode of creative spaces TV of this
season it's schmoyoho the Gregory
Brothers so I'm very excited for that
too until next time stay peachy okay bye
here look all inquisitive
[Music]
nearly it keeps going it's serious
ooh this music oh yeah that's Canada
over there where where across the water
why are you serious I'm looking at
Canada right now